before you do this kind of thing the
first step is getting your knee past
your toes you can do that squatting with
your heels flat is way easier all you
need is a wall and the ground helps too
just sit back sink down and focus on
driving the knees forward you need
around 30 to 60 seconds per set so while
you scroll every other video rest then
get back at it for a total of 10 sets a
week I promise it's not a lot that's
just five sets twice a week and if your
knee just will not cross the toe widen
your stance and you'll notice that your
knee doesn't have to go past the toe
anymore and if you have a belly in the
way this makes plenty of room for it
stay flexy